README.md, before:

Plug and Play Forms
===================

A variety of forms that should be more or less plug and play. They are styled with modified [Bootstrap](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/), written with [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) and [Bourbon](http://thoughtbot.com/bourbon/), and use [jQuery Form Validation](http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-validation/). This is a work in progress, so please be gentle. Do feel free to point out mistakes or to create pull requests.

View demo: [http://freshtilledsoil.github.com/plug-and-play-forms/](http://freshtilledsoil.github.com/plug-and-play-forms/)

Technologies
------------

* Select [Bootstrap](https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap) styles are included, in a heavily modified form, to provide suitable defaults. Moving of styles from forms.scss to styles.scss so that everything is in one place is a work in progress.

* [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) is included to make CSS development faster. Don't like Sass? Sorry, I do. But I do compile my Sass to stylesheets/application.css every time I commit, so you can work from that if you want to.

* [Bourbon](https://github.com/thoughtbot/bourbon) is included to make CSS3 use faster. This is used in place of Bootstrap's CSS3 mixins.

* [jQuery.validate.js](https://github.com/jzaefferer/jquery-validation) is currently included to quickly provide inline client-side form validation. Eventually, I plan to remove this in favor of lighter custom validation written for each form.

TODOs
----

* Write lighter custom validation
* Add more form types (suggestions welcome)
* Add AJAX form submission
* Add sample PHP files for directing form output
* Modify error class(es) to position without additional styling

Contributing
------------

Pull requests are welcome, but as this project is young and much of it is still in flux, rejections may seem arbitrary. I will continue to solidify its purpose as fast as possible to make contribution guidelines clearer. Rest assured, I have a clear goal in mind and will do my best to continue to clarify it.

Principal Author
----------------

This project was started and will be maintained by [Steve Hickey](https://twitter.com/stevehickeydsgn), UI Designer and Front-End Developer at [Fresh Tilled Soil](http://www.freshtilledsoil.com/).

Commit message:

Add security notice to README

README.md, after:

Plug and Play Forms
===================

A set of front-end code for common form types that should be more or less plug and play. They are styled with modified [Bootstrap](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/), written with [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) and [Bourbon](http://thoughtbot.com/bourbon/), and use [jQuery Form Validation](http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-validation/). This is a work in progress, so please be gentle. Do feel free to point out mistakes or to create pull requests.

View demo: [http://freshtilledsoil.github.com/plug-and-play-forms/](http://freshtilledsoil.github.com/plug-and-play-forms/)

A note on security:
-------------------

This project does not intend to support back-end functionality, just how the form looks and behaves. Some forms may include PHP scripts to interact with the AJAX submission, but output is directed to dummy files and there is no attempt whatsoever to be secure. DO NOT use the PHP that's included. Get a qualified developer to set up a secure interaction with a database. We are not responsible for anything that happens to your site if you use these forms.

Technologies
------------

* Select [Bootstrap](https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap) styles are included, in a heavily modified form, to provide suitable defaults. Moving of styles from forms.scss to styles.scss so that everything is in one place is a work in progress.

* [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) is included to make CSS development faster. Don't like Sass? Sorry, I do. But I do compile my Sass to stylesheets/application.css every time I commit, so you can work from that if you want to.

* [Bourbon](https://github.com/thoughtbot/bourbon) is included to make CSS3 use faster. This is used in place of Bootstrap's CSS3 mixins.

* [jQuery.validate.js](https://github.com/jzaefferer/jquery-validation) is currently included to quickly provide inline client-side form validation. Eventually, I plan to remove this in favor of lighter custom validation written for each form.

TODOs
----

* Write lighter custom validation
* Add more form types (suggestions welcome)
* Add AJAX form submission
* Add sample PHP files for directing form output
* Modify error class(es) to position without additional styling

Contributing
------------

Pull requests are welcome, but as this project is young and much of it is still in flux, rejections may seem arbitrary. I will continue to solidify its purpose as fast as possible to make contribution guidelines clearer. Rest assured, I have a clear goal in mind and will do my best to continue to clarify it.

Principal Author
----------------

This project was started and will be maintained by [Steve Hickey](https://twitter.com/stevehickeydsgn), UI Designer and Front-End Developer at [Fresh Tilled Soil](http://www.freshtilledsoil.com/).
